Miss Mu, Mrs. Qin has something to do today
Let me accompany you to the gym
Ash, you really have a way
While you don't have a lot of money
I'll give you a thrill
How are you?
People like it
Ah, I finally meet you.
That's fine.
Did the teacher invite you?
I will definitely take you out of here
Nuannuan, don't worry about me.
They won't help me
It's mom who cares about you
Are you at home?
Don't talk back to the rich boy
So angry
Just listen to them.
I see, Mom.
By the way, what blood type are you?
I don't remember.
You see mom is so old
This memory is getting worse and worse
How strange.
I matched you for a kidney transplant before
But not worthy
Mom is tired and wants to rest
It's okay, just go back.
Ah yes, it's cold.
So I heard.
Miss Meng is pregnant, how are you?
OK, I see.
Then I'll rest early.